README.md, before:

# go-sitemap-parser

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser/graph/badge.svg?token=KEABI9UTQY)](https://codecov.io/gh/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)

A Go package to parse XML Sitemaps compliant with the [Sitemaps.org protocol](http://www.sitemaps.org/protocol.html).

## Features
- Recursive parsing

## Formats supported
- `robots.txt`
- XML `.xml`
- Gzip compressed XML `.xml.gz`

## Installation

```bash
go get github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser
```

```go
import "github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser"
```

## Usage

### Create instance

To create a new instance with default settings, you can simply call the `New()` function.
```go
s := sitemap.New()
```

### Configuration defaults

 - userAgent: `"go-sitemap-parser (+https://github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser/blob/main/README.md)"`
 - fetchTimeout: `3` seconds

### Overwrite defaults

#### User Agent

To set the user agent, use the `SetUserAgent()` function.

```go
s := sitemap.New()
s = s.SetUserAgent("YourUserAgent")
```
... or ...
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetUserAgent("YourUserAgent")
```

#### Fetch timeout

To set the fetch timeout, use the `SetFetchTimeout()` function. It should be specified in seconds as an **uint8** value.

```go
s := sitemap.New()
s = s.SetFetchTimeout(10)
```
... or ...
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetFetchTimeout(10)
```

#### Chaining methods

In both cases, the functions return a pointer to the main object of the package, allowing you to chain these setting methods in a fluent interface style:
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetUserAgent("YourUserAgent").SetFetchTimeout(10)
```

### Parse

Once you have properly initialized and configured your instance, you can parse sitemaps using the `Parse()` function.

The `Parse()` function takes in two parameters:
 - `url`: the URL of the sitemap to be parsed,
   - `url` can be a robots.txt or sitemapindex or sitemap (urlset)
 - `urlContent`: an optional string pointer for the content of the URL.

If you wish to provide the content yourself, pass the content as the second parameter. If not, simply pass nil and the function will fetch the content on its own.
The `Parse()` function performs concurrent parsing and fetching optimized by the use of Go's goroutines and sync package, ensuring efficient sitemap handling.

```go
s, err := s.Parse("https://www.sitemaps.org/sitemap.xml", nil)
```
In this example, sitemap is parsed from "https://www.sitemaps.org/sitemap.xml". The function fetches the content itself, as we passed nil as the urlContent.

## Examples

Examples can be found in [/examples](https://github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser/tree/main/examples).

Commit message:

add support for multi-threading toggle

README.md, after:

# go-sitemap-parser

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser/graph/badge.svg?token=KEABI9UTQY)](https://codecov.io/gh/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser)

A Go package to parse XML Sitemaps compliant with the [Sitemaps.org protocol](http://www.sitemaps.org/protocol.html).

## Features
- Recursive parsing

## Formats supported
- `robots.txt`
- XML `.xml`
- Gzip compressed XML `.xml.gz`

## Installation

```bash
go get github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser
```

```go
import "github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser"
```

## Usage

### Create instance

To create a new instance with default settings, you can simply call the `New()` function.
```go
s := sitemap.New()
```

### Configuration defaults

 - userAgent: `"go-sitemap-parser (+https://github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser/blob/main/README.md)"`
 - fetchTimeout: `3` seconds
 - multiThread: `true`

### Overwrite defaults

#### User Agent

To set the user agent, use the `SetUserAgent()` function.

```go
s := sitemap.New()
s = s.SetUserAgent("YourUserAgent")
```
... or ...
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetUserAgent("YourUserAgent")
```

#### Fetch timeout

To set the fetch timeout, use the `SetFetchTimeout()` function. It should be specified in seconds as an **uint8** value.

```go
s := sitemap.New()
s = s.SetFetchTimeout(10)
```
... or ...
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetFetchTimeout(10)
```

#### Multi-threading

By default, the package uses multi-threading to fetch and parse sitemaps concurrently.
To set the multi-thread flag on/off, use the `SetMultiThread()` function.

```go
s := sitemap.New()
s = s.SetMultiThread(false)
```
... or ...
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetMultiThread(false)
```

#### Chaining methods

In both cases, the functions return a pointer to the main object of the package, allowing you to chain these setting methods in a fluent interface style:
```go
s := sitemap.New().SetUserAgent("YourUserAgent").SetFetchTimeout(10)
```

### Parse

Once you have properly initialized and configured your instance, you can parse sitemaps using the `Parse()` function.

The `Parse()` function takes in two parameters:
 - `url`: the URL of the sitemap to be parsed,
   - `url` can be a robots.txt or sitemapindex or sitemap (urlset)
 - `urlContent`: an optional string pointer for the content of the URL.

If you wish to provide the content yourself, pass the content as the second parameter. If not, simply pass nil and the function will fetch the content on its own.
The `Parse()` function performs concurrent parsing and fetching optimized by the use of Go's goroutines and sync package, ensuring efficient sitemap handling.

```go
s, err := s.Parse("https://www.sitemaps.org/sitemap.xml", nil)
```
In this example, sitemap is parsed from "https://www.sitemaps.org/sitemap.xml". The function fetches the content itself, as we passed nil as the urlContent.

## Examples

Examples can be found in [/examples](https://github.com/aafeher/go-sitemap-parser/tree/main/examples).
